well ebooks are another method of text
delivery and I did run of I ran a blog
on the subject some time ago and it was
called three reasons for keeping paper
boats and the three reasons were solar
flares which would wipe out
communications towers and also well any
electronic media that you might happen
to have stored grande overload resulting
in brownouts which would have similar
effects and internet overload unless
people are going to build the grid out
more I'm going to build the net out more
there's pretty soon not going to be very
much space on it because of all this
famine and torn to the to the percentage
of 95 I'm told so I was very crowded out
there so building out the net building
up the grid and what are you going to do
but the solar flares well I guess the
lead line to box is about the best you
can do all of these things point out the
fact that electronic storage is pretty
fragile we want to keep something
permanently you should probably keep it
in paper form and that is why an
e-version of your will is not acceptable
other reason is it's very hackable and
portable as I said the net is leaky and
a number of other legal documents which
of course drives people crazy because
those paper things take up so much room
so it's a problem facing businesses what
to do with the paper what is the
alternative to paper when can he use a
storage etc it's also a problem for
people for instance with small
apartments who like to read
where are they going to put all the
books the e-reader gives you portability
it gives you instant accessibility and
it gives you the possibility of having a
whole bunch of books with you at once on
this little device so for that it's very
very handy those are the pluses
and I personally think that it's going
to increase reading because you can
acquire a book very quickly you don't
have to go you don't have to wait you
could just push the button and it's
there if you really like it and want to
keep it you may then go get a paper
version it does remove the element of
serendipity with by which I mean you
walk into a bookstore with the idea of
getting this book and you see three or
four other books that you really feel
you must have but you wouldn't have
known about them unless you went into
the store so how to create in an
e-version that experience of serendipity
it's really hard so people are thinking
about this there's a lot the the other
virtue of the e-reader may be that it's
but it's helpful for kids are having
reading problems because they can
isolate blocks of text and make the
letters bigger